"Those who do not complain are never pitied." - Jane Austen
"A revolution without dancing is a revolution worth not having!" - V, V for Vendetta
"Our lives are defined by opportunities, even the ones we miss." - Benjamin Button, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button
"Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened." - Dr. Seuss
"Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life." - Confucius
"To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence." - Mark Twain
"Maybe life is random, but I doubt it." - Steven Tyler
"C makes it easy to shoot yourself in the foot; C++ makes it harder, but when you do it blows your whole leg off." - Bjarne Stroustrup
"I like offending people, because I think people who get offended should be offended." - Linus Torvalds
"When you understand the roots of anger in yourself and in the other, your mind will enjoy true peace, joy and lightness." - Thich Nhat Hanh
"Ssssssssssssssssssssssssssssserious uplifting." - Armin van Buuren
"The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog." - Anonymous
"Football, bloody hell." - Sir Alex Ferguson
"Knowledge is power." - Francis Bacon
"Knowledge is power, France is Bacon." - /u/Lard_Baron
"Leadership does not depend on being right." - Ivan Illich
"Don't forget to love yourself." - Søren Kierkegaard
"Yo, Gatorade me, bitch!" - Jesse Pinkman, Breaking Bad
"I'm not bad. I'm just drawn that way." - Jessica Rabbit, Who Framed Roger Rabbit
"Here's Johnny!" - Jack Torrance, The Shining
"I'm going to make him an offer he can't refuse." - Vito Corleone, The Godfather
"Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn." - Rhett Butler, Gone with the Wind
"I never found a companion that was so companionable as solitude." - Henry David Thoreau
"Silence is a source of great strength." - Lao Tzu
"The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting." - Sun Tzu
"My name is Giovanni Giorgio, but everybody calls me Giorgio." - Giorgio Moroder
"All power corrupts, and absolute power corrupt absolutely." - Niccolo Machiavelli
"I don't like accidental success. It's what Bill Gates calls 'random,' a term he uses with the opposite of respect." - Masayoshi Son
"In a time of universal deceit, telling the truth is a revolutionary act." - George Orwell
"When a man says he approves of something in principle, it means he hasn't the slightest intention of putting it into practice." - Otto von Bismarck
"I have never been hurt by anything I didn't say." - Calvin Coolidge
"Nothing in life is promised except death." - Kanye West
"The easiest kind of relationship for me is with ten thousand people. The hardest is with one." - Joan Baez
"I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts." - John Locke
"Mustard's no good without roast beef." - Chico Marx
"The real hero is always a hero by mistake; he dreams of being an honest coward like everybody else." - Umberto Eco
"Under certain circumstances, profanity provides a relief denied even to prayer." - Mark Twain
"Talk low, talk slow, and don't talk too much." - John Wayne
"To make pleasures pleasant, shorten them." - Charles Buxton
"It is only prudent never to place complete confidence in that by which we have even once been deceived." - Rene Descartes
"He that falls in love with himself will have no rivals." - Benjamin Franklin
"As a matter of principle, I never attend the first annual anything." - George Carlin
"Do not trust all men, but trust men of worth; the former course is silly, the latter a mark of prudence." - Democritus
"In politics, absurdity is not a handicap." - Napoleon Bonaparte
"Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired." - Robert Frost
"Too much of a good thing is wonderful." - Mae West
"Be civil to all; sociable to many; familiar with few; friend to one; enemy to none." - Benjamin Franklin
"When you get to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Reality is something you rise above." - Liza Minnelli
"Just in terms of allocation of time resources, religion is not very efficient. There's a lot more I could be doing on a Sunday morning." - Bill Gates